[MLOB-983] Add LLM Observability and Serverless Compatibility Documentation (#24000)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/llm_observability/sdk.md

: optional - _string_
<br />The name of the service used for your application. If not provided, this defaults to the value of `DD_SERVICE`.

### AWS Lambda setup

> Follow the setup instructions for the [Datadog-Python and Datadog-Extension][14] layers and LLM Observability will be automatically enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Follow the setup instructions for the [Datadog-Python and Datadog-Extension][14] layers to automatically enable LLM Observability.
```
Slightly confused on the wording here, does this mean that LLM Obs will be enabled and configured by following the layer setup instructions? Maybe we can improve the wording to be a bit more clear

Author: ah yeah, and with your next point too, I think I can probably combine these two points to something like:
```
Enable LLM Observability by specifying the required environment variables in [command line setup] and following the setup instructions for the [Datadog-Python and Datadog-Extension][14] AWS lambda layers. 

**Note**: Using the `Datadog-Python` and `Datadog-Extension` layers automatically turns on all LLM Observability integrations, and force flushes spans at the end of the lambda.
```

To kinda mirror the command line section. wdyt?

> Enable LLM Observability by specifying the required environment variables in [command line setup](#command-line-setup) and following the setup instructions for the [Datadog-Python and Datadog-Extension][14] AWS lambda layers. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enable LLM Observability by specifying the required environment variables in your [command line setup](#command-line-setup) and following the setup instructions for the [Datadog-Python and Datadog-Extension][14] AWS Lambda layers. 
```

> In order for these serverless layers to properly instrument and flush traces from your serverless application, specify `DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED` in your environment. This applies to both manual and auto-instrumented use cases.

Reviewer: Are there other configurations that are required to run LLMObs besides the enabled flag?

> **Note**: Using the `Datadog-Python` and `Datadog-Extension` layers automatically turns on all LLM Observability integrations, and force flushes spans at the end of the lambda.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: Using the `Datadog-Python` and `Datadog-Extension` layers automatically turns on all LLM Observability integrations, and force flushes spans at the end of the Lambda function.
```

: optional - _string_
<br />The name of the service used for your application. If not provided, this defaults to the value of `DD_SERVICE`.

> ### Serverless setup

Reviewer 3: Should we change this to specify this setup is AWS Lambda specific, or create an AWS lambda section under a server-less section?

Author: Ah yeah good catch - I think maybe we can just change it to be AWS Lambda specific. In that case, with respect to your above comment, should we surface the `flush` function a bit more clearly than some smaller FAQ section? If they're not using AWS Lambdas, I would think they want to see the `flush` documentation a little sooner to avoid possible instrumentation pains. Wdyt?

Reviewer 3: Hmm yea good point. i think it should be the bottom-most section in this titled something like "Force Flushing". IMO the description should be generic - "This is a blocking function that force flushes any buffered spans to the Datadog back-end"

Author: Ah ok, makes sense. I think that's how it was before, but I thought it seemed too disjoint. But, with this context, I think it makes sense. Will move it and specify this section title 👍

Author: yeah, I ended up just putting it back in the same spot.

> Enable LLM Observability in a serverless environmant by using the [Datadog-Python and Datadog-Extension layers][14].

Reviewer 3: Maybe update the wording to specify exactly what "using" means, e.g. the particular actions that need to be done with relation to the layers to enable LLM observability. Otherwise, a user might jump to server-less docs and get distracted there since they don't have clear action items after navigating to that page.

e.g.
"follow setup instructions for Datadog-Extension layers and LLM observability will be automatically enabled .."?

Author: that would be a lot better, i'll change the wording to something like that!

Author: updated. it's a bit tricky, since the steps in the Datadog AWS Lambda documentation are just _steps_, and I can't link to an individual step to reference setting up Datadog-Extension and Datadog-Python. however, i did update the language basically to what you suggested, lmk what you think!

In order for these serverless layers to properly instrument and flush traces from your serverless application, specify `DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED` in your environment. This applies to both manual and auto-instrumented use cases.

> #### Flushing in serverless environments

Reviewer 3: IMO we can completely remove this part from the documentation or create a more hidden FAQ section since a user _should_ never have to do this unless something is wrong on our end
